A kitchen is a room or part of a room used for cooking and food preparation in a dwelling or in a commercial establishment.
A modern middle-class residential kitchen is typically equipped with a stove, a sink with hot and cold running water, a refrigerator, and worktops and kitchen cabinets arranged according to a modular design
Many households have a microwave oven, a dishwasher, and other electric appliances.
The main functions of a kitchen are to store, prepare and cook food (and to complete related tasks such as dishwashing).
The room or area may also be used for dining (or small meals such as breakfast), entertaining and laundry.
The design and construction of kitchens is a huge market all over the world.
The United States are expected to generate $47,730m in the kitchen furniture industry for 2018 alone
Commercial kitchens are found in restaurants, cafeterias, hotels, hospitals, educational and workplace facilities, army barracks, and similar establishments.
These kitchens are generally larger and equipped with bigger and more heavy-duty equipment than a residential kitchen.
For example, a large restaurant may have a huge walk-in refrigerator and a large commercial dishwasher machine. In some instances commercial kitchen equipment such as commercial sinks are used in household settings as it offers ease of use for food preparation and high durability
In developed countries, commercial kitchens are generally subject to public health laws.
They are inspected periodically by public-health officials, and forced to close if they do not meet hygienic requirements mandated by law
The houses in Ancient Greece were commonly of the atrium-type: the rooms were arranged around a central courtyard for women.
In many such homes, a covered but otherwise open patio served as the kitchen.
Homes of the wealthy had the kitchen as a separate room, usually next to a bathroom (so that both rooms could be heated by the kitchen fire), both rooms being accessible from the court.
In such houses, there was often a separate small storage room in the back of the kitchen used for storing food and kitchen utensils.
Early medieval European longhouses had an open fire under the highest point of the building. The "kitchen area" was between the entrance and the fireplace.
In wealthy homes there was typically more than one kitchen. In some homes there were upwards of three kitchens.
The kitchens were divided based on the types of food prepared in them.
In place of a chimney, these early buildings had a hole in the roof through which some of the smoke could escape.
Besides cooking, the fire also served as a source of heat and light to the single-room building.
A similar design can be found in the Iroquois longhouses of North America.
In the larger homesteads of European nobles, the kitchen was sometimes in a separate sunken floor building to keep the main building, which served social and official purposes, free from indoor smoke.
The first known stoves in Japan date from about the same time.
The earliest findings are from the Kofun period (3rd to 6th century).
These stoves, called kamado, were typically made of clay and mortar; they were fired with wood or charcoal through a hole in the front and had a hole in the top, into which a pot could be hanged by its rim.
This type of stove remained in use for centuries to come, with only minor modifications.
Like in Europe, the wealthier homes had a separate building which served for cooking.
A kind of open fire pit fired with charcoal, called irori, remained in use as the secondary stove in most homes until the Edo period (17th to 19th century).
A kamado was used to cook the staple food, for instance rice, while irori served both to cook side dishes and as a heat source.
Play is a range of voluntary, intrinsically motivated activities done for recreational pleasure and enjoyment
Play is commonly associated with children and juvenile-level activities, but play occurs at any life stage, and among other higher-functioning animals as well, most notably mammals.
Many prominent researchers in the field of psychology, including Melanie Klein, Jean Piaget, William James, Sigmund Freud, Carl Jung and Lev Vygotsky have viewed play as confined to the human species, believing play was important for human development and using different research methods to prove their theories.
Play is often interpreted as frivolous; yet the player can be intently focused on their objective, particularly when play is structured and goal-oriented, as in a game.
Accordingly, play can range from relaxed, free-spirited and spontaneous through frivolous to planned or even compulsive
Play is not just a pastime activity; it has the potential to serve as an important tool in numerous aspects of daily life for adolescents, adults, and cognitively advanced non-human species (such as primates).
Not only does play promote and aid in physical development (such as hand-eye coordination), but it also aids in cognitive development and social skills, and can even act as a stepping stone into the world of integration, which can be a very stressful process.
Play is something that most children partake in, but the way play is executed is different between cultures and the way that children engage with play varies universally.

